1) Entitle Corporation offers various tour packages to Europe and Africa. A customer can bokk many tour packages. 
   Also, one tour package can be booked by many customers. While booking a tour package, customer has to provide the number of persons and travel date.
   For each booking, a booking id is provided to the customer. A tour package has package Id, name and rate per person. A customer has a name and PAN.

	1.Create the tables to store the information.
	2.Also these tables have to be related by mentioning constraints in order to restrict the false information and data redundancy.
	3.Retrieve active customer details.
	4.List all available tour packages in Europe and Africa plans to the customer.

2) Entitle Corporation offers various accommodation types in its hotel chains.  
   Accomodation type has a unique name and rate. A hotel has a hotel ID, name,address and availibility status.
   A hotel is of a particular accomodation type and one accomodation type may be there for different hotels.
	1. Create the tables to store the information 
	2. Also these tables have to be related by mentioning constraints in order to restrict the false information and data redundancy.
	3. List the name of the hotel(s) which have the costliest accomodation type
	4. List all accomodation type which is not there for any hotel.

3) Entitle Corporation offers various Cruise packages to Europe and Africa. 

   The following basics information needs to be maintained to run the Business on Cruise Service. 
	1. Cruise  Package Information (Unique name, Description, Package rate and  number of persons, Status)
	2. Customer details( SSN, name)
	3. Booking details (travel date, Reference number)
	4. Creation of tables for the required details, portraying the relationship between them and identifying the required constraints.
	5. List the types of available Cruise
	6. List the package details for the Customer with SSN=1234 booked for '1st-dec-2018'.

4) A bookshop management system has many bookshops. A bookshop has many vendors. Each vendor has a unique vendor ID and name. A vendor may belong to different bookshops. 
   Each bookshop has a shop ID which is unique, name.
   The bookshop management system wants to perform the following functionalities
	a. To get the details of the vendor(s) who works for a particular shop by giving the shop ID as input.
	b. To search for the name of the shop who has highest vendors.
   Also, the bookshop management system wants to maintain a database to capture the bookshop details and vendor details.

	c.	Draw the ERD and create  the tables for the given scenario.
	d.	Write a query to get the shop ID having highest vendors.



