1)  A calculator can perform different activities. The calculator has some numbers stored in its memory.It cam perform the following operations on the numbers that are stored:
	a. Average of the numbers.
	b. Sum of the numbers
	c. Lowest number
	d. Highest number.

2) A bookstore sells many books. Some of the books are new and some used. 10% discount is provided on used books by the bookshop whenever a customer purchases it. 
   However that discount is applicable only if the customer buys at least one new book with it.  
   The bookshop wants to automate the following activities.	
	1) Find out whether an order placed  is applicable for discount or not. To place an order, books needs to be selected from the list.

3) A boarding school wants to automate their day-to-day activities.
   The school has a list of boarders who resides there. Also the school has a list of hostels that belongs to the school. A hostel has many rooms. The school wants to perform the following activities.
	 1. To  add a boarder by taking his (Boarder object cannot be created without using the add method)
	 2. To allocate a boarder to a room in a particular hostel which is vacant.
	 3. To display the list of boarders along with room number by providing the hostel  name.
   Note: A room has a room number and capacity. A hostel has a hostel ID and name.


4) A society has a list of buildings. Each building has many apartments. An apartment has a apartment number, status(occupied/vacant) and type(1BHK/2BHK/3BHK). A building has a building number and name.
   The society wants to get the apartment numbers where a family can be accommodated. The building type  will be taken as input.
   Design a Python system to implement the functionality.

5) The Electricity Bill Statement  takes units consumed from consumer and calculates the EB 
   bill. Write a program to calculate the bill.  
	Electricity Charges (EC) using provided criteria:
               ~001 to less than 100 units @ Rs. 2.00/- (per unit)
               ~100  less than  200 units @ Rs. 3.50/- (per unit)
               ~200 and more units @ Rs. 4.50/- (per unit)
               ~General sale tax which is the 10% of the EC.
               ~Amount due (EC + Gen. sale tax)